# Corman

Corman is a complete end-to-end pipeline for dynamically creating AI generated movies. Just enter a brief description and Corman will do the rest!

On the back-end Corman will use a Large Language Model to generate a script, an Image Generation model to create the set, and TTS to generate the voice.

While not yet at the level of an animated movie, this is more than just a visual novel! Corman has a heuristics to automatically direct the movie; it uses camera techniques like over-the-shoulder, close-ups, establishing shots, and wide angles and it uses editing techniques like the Kuleshov Effect.

Currently, Corman uses pre-built, animation models for the actors. But as AI tooling for that matures, that will also become dynamically generated by the AI.

The automatic decisions that Corman makes will likely be inferior to a human's. Corman's initial output is meant to be easily editable by the user. Ultimately Corman's goal is to make it as easy as possible for a person to make an animated movie. All you have to do is write the script!

Future Work:

Short Term
-Automatically add sound effects and foley
    + This is partly a language model problem, partly a 'get a big library of sounds' problem
-Add a library of pre-rigged actors; Corman will automatically pick the best ones
-Add a library of film score for dramatic moments
-Add a better library of TTS voices
-Deploy on cloud
-Make movies downloadable and shareable
-Proper Lip Syncing

Medium Term
-Modify the Image Model so it can provide multiple shots of the same background
    + We're using a trick with mirroring to do this, but it would be better to actual generate multiple different angles of the same background
    + Then we can add in a lot more camera shots
-Support different animation styles - 8-bit, Low Poly 2d, Anime
-Allow users to mo-cap performances to replace Corman's pre-generated ones.
    + This should be done w/o green-screen. Use an iPhone or Webcam.
    + Add voice transformers
-Automatically animate sky, water, and similar concepts


Long Term
-Add a large library of animations for actors to interact with each other and objects
-Dynamically generate actors
-Image Model creates midground with walkable areas vs. non-walkable areas clearly de-lineated. Actors will be able to actually move in the scene
    + This will take Corman from being like a Stageplay to being like a Movie
-Seperately generate background so we can simulate parallax
-Integrate AI personalities (like Inworld AI), so viewers can pause the movie and ask the actors questions if they wish.


