{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Dummy Data producer for DAG
\f1\b0 \
1. Acquire the files:\
 a) Background - DONE\
\
2. Implement \'93Get hardcoded\'94 methods\
 a) _setFromHardcoded\
 b) generateDummyAssets in DAM\
\
3. \
Fill in all the relevant stuff\
a) Location filePaths - DONE\
b) Don\'92t worry about audioClip. Just return RecordedDialogue object  - DONE\
c) Script? - N/A\
d) Dummy ScriptSupervisor stub - DONE\
\
\

\f0\b Dummy Script Supervisor
\f1\b0 \
\
1) Put in member variables to implement stubs - DONE\
2) Put in dummy values for stubs - DONE\
3) Make dummy DAM reference Dummy Script Supervisor for assets generated so they\'92re not out of sync - DONE\
\

\f0\b Dummy data to create Audio and Video\
\

\f1\b0 1) Wire filmmaker between gen assets and post production - DONE\
2) Make post production send data to animation engine - DONE\
\
-Error with setInterval return type
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 How do you make setInterval return promise?\
Solved quick with Googling
\f0\b \
\
\

\f1\b0 Getting bogged down in runtime errors\
\
-Module not found error\
1) Isolate the problem. Run from Filmmaker. If that works, it shouldn\'92t be too hard.\
	It does work\
2) Running into big problems with modules\
\
\

\f0\b Migrate all \
\

\f1\b0 Fix package\
Change all classes to module.exports\
Use require everywhere\
\
-glitch: Exporting an enum\
Plan of attack\
-Look up typescript node servers. See what\'92s written about that\
-Look up module.exports enum\
\

\f0\b Fix dummy data error
\f1\b0 \
Just mess w/ it for 5 mins before coming up with plan of attack\
\

\f0\b Animation Engine
\f1\b0 \
\
-Put in stubs that take backgroundImageFilepath, numberOfSeconds, and characterFilePath\
-Port the code from OLD\
-Test it directly from the script\
-Wire it up\
\
\

\f0\b \ul 9/8/22
\f1\b0 \ulnone \

\f0\b \
(Lost some earlier scratch notes)\
\
Basic TTS
\f1\b0 \
-Get secrets working - DONE\
-Look up sample code - DONE\
-Stub - DONE\
-Register API key - DONE\
-Get it working w/ hardcoded text  - DONE\
\

\f0\b Batch Sending\
\

\f1\b0 -Research\
-Call two methods\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 9/11/22
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b Corman GPT 3 Module\
\

\f1\b0 -Write stubs - DONE\
-Register API Key - DONE\
	* Lost focus - Got distracted with other interesting docs, then lost focus to unrelated thing I was thinking about. Don\'92t go to unrelated docs.\
	* Did the same thing again. Docs seemed relevant but were not for this very specific task. Also got sucked in to other thinking\
-Get it working with hardcoded text - DONE\
-Bake in prompt - DONE\
\

\f0\b Test fine-tuned model in playground
\f1\b0 \
-Gen 3 couple of stories that I can use - DONE\
	* I keep losing focus because I have doubt about the quality of the end product. But we\'92ve got to put that aside, buckle down, and just deliver.\
	* Lost focus w/r/t career plan concerns\
-Put them in then run the model - DONE\
\

\f0\b Send Fine-tuning to API\

\f1\b0 -Look online for sample - DONE\
-Prepare Data - DONE\
-Upload - DONE\
-Test w/ code\
\

\f0\b Call Fine-tuned Endpoint
\f1\b0 \
-Read docs - DONE\
*Glitch: Command Line isn\'92t working. Just let it go.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -Stub - DONE\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -Copy some JS code - DONE\
\
\

\f0\b Hook up hardcoded prompt to screenwriter.ts
\f1\b0 \
\
-Find examples about feeding correct params\
	* Weird response. Maybe I\'92m using stop sequence incorrectly\
	* Solved that, so responses are coherent now, but getting much worse responses than from playground\
		(try character escaped and see what happens)\
-Get the params correct\
-Merge title into screenwriter\
\
\
\
\
}